[FIX] Handle unsupported tags (#2605)
seqan/seqan3: CHANGELOG.md

  * The processed data should experience no negative effects since `gz` and `bgzf` are **fully compatible**.
  * This bug may also cause unexpected parallelisation when reading `gz`-compressed input. This is the case when the
    `gz`-compressed input was also generated with SeqAn.
* The following requirements of parsing a SAM/BAM header where relaxed as they were in violation of the specification
  ([\#2605](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/2605)):
  * The order of tags within the header may be arbitrary. Before, necessary tags where required to be first.

>   * Unknown tags will emit a warning. Before, a error was raised.

Reviewer: It was an error before, but is only a warning via cerr now.

  * The processed data should experience no negative effects since `gz` and `bgzf` are **fully compatible**.
  * This bug may also cause unexpected parallelisation when reading `gz`-compressed input. This is the case when the
    `gz`-compressed input was also generated with SeqAn.

> * Parsing sam & bam files caused some errors related to their headers Now, as described in the specification, the
>   ordering of the header tags doesn't matter anymore and no error is given for unsupported tags
>   ([\#2605](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/2605)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The following requirements for parsing a SAM/BAM header where relaxed as they where in violation of the specification 
  ([\#2605](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/2605)):
  * The order of tags within the header may be arbitrary. Before, necessary tags where required to be first.
  * Unknown tags will emit a warning. Before, a error was raised.
```
